Magento 2110 addfavorites pipeline (#3)
shopgate/ext-magento-favorites: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
### Added
- retrieval of favorite / wishlist products for guests and customers

> - add favorite / wishlist products for guests and customers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- addition of favorite / wishlist products for guests and customers
```
